now we have the cream of fire we throw
the goat cheese we have grated
Well, if you want to stir a short flight
and then we add
in filling then this works like
someone alliance to parade game
it is exactly what binds us but
I say that it exceeds more does not agglutinate
our our mix of vegetables very
well so that everything has cream and egg and
cheese and what we have here our dough
special takes out of the oven if so how
it is necessary to click on it so that it does not
infected him
let's do it faster it's still
quick exit door of circasia
good pretty and cheap of our all the
cheese upstairs so we're going to stay
as gratin in the next plants
the truth is that not because we can
put all kinds of vegetables zapallo
Italian is one of the most vegetables
cheap that today makes in the market and
tyson and they are big and they are very smelters
and my mom italy then it's easy and if
he wants to show it
there are guachis as value was not
the oven about 40 minutes and it's already
the first 30 minutes I put only
and 30 minutes but how much 180 degrees
already precooked the average temperature and
then in the villa
here we have our track after 30
minutes and 10 minutes to take from
up is how we have our
here
We can start it and we start small plates and
covered in costa rica this can be
perfectly a lunch with salad
of tomato lettuce we have is
exactly what I told them the dough
if they put it in the oven or in the
mold to the refrigerator to the freezer for
let it take the cold temperature to
hot oven apparently nobody
so that it is armed in another way as
that mass people sometimes for that reason
I have to answer
and today you can eat hot to
ambient temperature is accompanied with
salad
and I would tell him with a full meal
a rich vegetable soup a remove and a
monti life little wake question
you can put sushi microwave you can
put the microwave that good is that
all the microphones of the web power
3.0 male can you write me for
Those who did not reach even in
the recipe I send them ok tasting kitchen
on facebook com I come back with the rehash
tasting contain the facebook tasting kitchens
you steal with mail.com and women first
at the network points the in our
mail but we'll also hang on the
channel page this video so that
you do it the same